== pazy - Functional (-ish) data structures for Javascript

(via Coffeescript[http://jashkenas.github.com/coffee-script/])

The name pazy is a contraction of
persistent[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Persistent_data_structure] and
lazy[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lazy_evaluation], two powerful
principles in the implementation of efficient immutable data
structures.

This is my humble attempt at implementing a collection of practical
immutable data structures for use in my Javascript projects. I am
using Coffeescript instead of plain Javascript because it provides a
clutter-free way of writing code that translates into clean and
straightforward Javascript.

I am not a specialist in functional programming or data structures,
and I am fairly new to Javascript, so more than anything else, this is
about me figuring out how these things work. Nonetheless, I am trying
to make the code as efficient and robust as possible without
sacrificing clarity.

A test suite using the fantastic
Jasmine[http://pivotal.github.com/jasmine/] framework is
included. Once I figure out how to make
JSCoverage[http://siliconforks.com/jscoverage/] talk to me, I will aim
for at least 100% statement coverage.


This code is made available under the MIT Licence


Copyright (c) 2010 Olaf Delgado-Friedrichs (odf@github.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
